---
layout: post
title: Goodbye 2018
tag: personal
---

# {{page.title}} 

A lot of things happened in 2018. But the most important thing is, I've learnt to be patient and not get easily angered by a lot of things that I used to prior to 2018. I'm patient these days and try to maintain calm when things go south. I still am working on thinking and then talking when I'm under pressure or angry. 

Professionally and personally, there is not a lot of milestones there are to mention in this blog post. I went to India this time and every time I visit India, I'm becoming more inclined to go back, and I felt the same during this year's visit as well. 

I think what didn't go well in 2018 is my discipline with my masters. I was planning to complete it this year but, yet again, I couldn't. This is mostly because of my bad time management. The other thing I failed at is to get my hands dirty with Machine Learning.

With that said, here are some things that I'm aiming at for 2019: 

- Be good with time-management. Specifically, I have observed that if I stop binging on Netflix, and only watch TV/Movies when I'm doing other chores, I save a ton of time. Couple this with getting early in the morning and it's a huge win. I'm _still_ working to plan to get up at 06:10 every morning so that I can hit the gym in the morning and save time for everything else in the evenings. 

- Learn Piano: I always wanted to learn Piano, and I have started to learn Piano in the last days of 2018. I want to continue that, and at least be able to play with 2 hands. 

- I'm also planning to reduce my weight by 10 lbs, especially the fat around the middle.


- Technologies that I want to learn in 2019: 
    - Machine Learning, Statical Analysis and Linear Algebra
    - Get my hands dirty with Numpy, SciPy. 



Finally, I'm planning to start a yearly log with my goals for a year and then review my goals at the end of the year to see where I stand.




